wjs - 2.5.30
============

Copyright
---------
Copyright Romain WEEGER (weeger) 2010 / 2014
http://www.wexample.com

Licensed under the MIT and GPL licenses :
 - http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
 - http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html

Dependencies
------------
* jQuery
  http://jquery.com/
* jQuery inheritance plugin (included)
  https://github.com/dfilatov/jquery-plugins

Description
-----------
wJs is an AJAX Javascript / PHP loader. It provides dynamic transfert of custom
scripts packages between web clients and server. It contain an API to create
custom packages (collections) on server side and prepare it to be transferred to
Javascript, and to receive it on clients side (parsing it to use result in your
own applications).

    w.load("packageType", "packageName", complete);

More than requireJs, witch is a powerful Javascript loader, wJs is able to
transfert not only Javascript, but potentially any custom kind of data. For
that, developers can create custom "loaders" to adjust behavior of it both on
server and client sides.

The original requirement of wJs was to load visual HTML elements in one shot,
witch is composed by not only one kind of data, ex : HTML + images urls + CSS +
some Javascript. In this way, wJs encourages to create independent libraries for
your scripts, then allow access them in one simple line of code.

wJs need to be used with the last version of jQuery. It is free and open source,
available for forking and contribution on GitHub. If you want to post reviews,
comments or issues, please post on the project page.

Usage
-----
To use wJs correctly, you need to have some base element to transfert data from
PHP to Javascript.


### Install wJs

- Download and unpack wJs, place it into your library folder.

### Configure Javascript

- Make a html script link to the jQuery library  
    ```html
    <script type="text/javascript"
    src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.10.2.min.js"></script>```

	
### Configure PHP

- Require PHP wjs internal classes   
	```php
    require_once "library/wjs/wjs.inc";```
	 
- Create a new wJs global instance (default loaders are automatically
registered)  
	```php
    $w = new wjs('library/wjs');```
    
- Configure response file path from client side (see section below). 
    ```php
    $w->js_setting('path_response', 'response.php');```
	
- Print wJs header in the head of your page (before `</head>`). This will load
required wJs core files. 
    ```php
    print $w->js_header();```
	
- Print wJs footer at the bottom of your page (before `</body>`). This will
print startup package for wJs containing default loaders and preloaded page
contents. 
    ```php
    print $w->js_footer();```   
	
	
### Configure PHP response file

- In order to work correctly you need to specify a PHP response file who handle
request from wJs. Let's call it "response.php", and place it at our site's root,
then call wJs again.  
    ```php
    // Load wjs.  
    require_once "library/wjs/wjs.inc"; 
    $w = new wjs('library/wjs', TRUE);```    


- Now we need to register our available scripts, use TRUE as last argument to
append it to output package (see next step). This let you de filter if you want
to load all available scripts or not.  
    ```php
    // Register your scripts.  
    $w->collection_item_register('javascript', 'my_script',
'library/scripts/my_script.js');```  
    
  
- We need to know which script is requested by client. This example do not
include security management to filter variables. WJs use two queries variables t
= script_type, s=script_name.  
    ```php
    // Using this simple script is not secure.    
    // You may filter data to ensure that values   
    // are safe, according your own security policy.   
    $script_type = (isset($_GET['t'])) ? $_GET['t'] : FALSE;    
    $script_name = (isset($_GET['s'])) ? $_GET['s'] : FALSE;```    
    
	
- With theses variables, we ask wJs to add script to response.
    ```php
    // Append requested scripts.   
    $w->output_append($script_type, $script_name);```  
    
	
- Finally, we print result.
    ```php
    // Render.   
    print $w->js_package();```  
	
	
### Check result

- wJs is now configured and ready to work. In order to test result, we create an
alert into our 'library/scripts/my_script.js' file, and a button in our page
containing a request to wJs.  
    ```javascript
    w.load('javascript','my_script');```   
	
    
- This is the whole button code.  
    ```javascript
    <input type="button"
    onclick="w.load('javascript','my_script');" value="Click me"/>```

Thanks
------
I would like to thanks all people who have trusted an encouraged me, consciously
or not. Like all of my projects, this program is the result of a lot of
loneliness, questions, doubts, pain, but hope and love too.